I'm also a director of a jewelry company
You think I'm afraid of accusations from people like you
Don't assume that women become CEOs
You can be fearless
Families are eyeing
Let me go like I want to pull you into the water
Where did the nobody dare to hit me?
Here it is.
Then I will get married
What are you saying?
Brother, isn't this an intern?
Do you want to hug a rich woman's thigh?
I'm going to hug his thigh
What's up?
The Chen family's jewelry company is now facing an economic crisis
Crisis, no family will take action
It's too late to hug a rich woman's thigh
No family
You don't take the Shi family seriously
The hands of 10 broken families
They have always been low-key
How could it be shot
Mr. Chen's stock rebounded 10 companies invested a lot of money
The teachers and students of the Shi family are just low-key
Agree to show your face
Could it be that you are Shi Sheng?
Little Master Shi
The old man sent me to hide my identity and inspect the company
As long as the benefits are okay
The Shijia will invest
So what did you just say about marrying me?
Now the whole thing is creating scandals
You think there's a better way?
We are here
Flash marriage wife
Going to bed later
Mom and Dad are going to kiss the cub
Guoguo, are you hungry?
Mom will cook for you, okay?
What would you like to eat?
What are you going to eat today?
sound
disloyal